<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
  <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/templatemain.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">

        <div class="jumbotron">
        <h1>Welcome!</h1>
        <p class="lead">Instant Coffee is a short tutorial designed to help you get started with Java EE web development, 
            using WebLogic Server, Oracle Database 12c, Java ServerFaces and a handful of libraries.</p>
        </div>
        <h1>Background</h1>
        <p>Several experiences in particular motivated me to pursue this project. When I was assigned to work on Campbell Online, a web-based dictionary of painters for the Museum of the White Mountains, I had to learn Java EE from scratch and would have appreciated a beginner-level introduction to it. In my exploration of various web frameworks, I came across a number of easy-to-follow demo applications, in particular the Symfony Demo App - a small CRUD app that allowed the user to view the code behind each page - but found no similar example for Java EE. Certainly, demo applications exist, but all of them are hulking, enterprise-scale beasts that no beginner would be comfortable taking on. I was inspired to create a similar small, easy-to-understand application in Java EE. Lastly,  I was motivated to create some sort of enduring record of what I learned during my time at Plymouth State Applications and Development. As my office moves away from Java EE and to different frameworks, I feared that the knowledge I gained might be lost, and that incoming interns might miss out on a rewarding opportunity to learn a valuable and marketable skill. It is my hope that this app might serve as a small repository of my knowledge of Java EE, and might inspire future interns and students to consider pursuing projects in this underutilized, but powerful web stack.
        </p>
    </ui:define>
  </ui:composition> 
</html>