<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                template="./WEB-INF/templates/templatemain.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

    <ui:define name="back">
        
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="next">
        <h:link value="Next" outcome="Server"/>
        <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-arrow-right"></span>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h1>Setup</h1>
        <p class="lead">Configuring your system for Java EE.</p>
        
        <h3>Install JDK</h3>
        <p>Setup JAVA_HOME in Windows. Follow the steps laid out <a href="https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19182-01/821-0917/inst_jdk_javahome_t/index.html">here</a>.
            Note that you should use an absolute path name to your Java installation, e.g. <code>C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_144</code>.
            Use <code>JAVA_HOME\bin</code> in your Path. Note: if this doesn't work, look at the directory <code>C:\ProgramData\Oracle\Java\javapath</code>.
            If there are symbolic links in here that point to the wrong Java version (e.g. Java 7), they may need to be deleted.
        </p>
        
        <h3>Install Oracle WebLogic Server 12c</h3>
        <ol>
            <li>Launch the command prompt as administrator. Navigate to the location 
            where you extracted the WebLogic Server files.</li>
            <li>Type <code>java -jar fmw_12.2.1.3.0_wls_quick.jar</code> (or whatever version number of WebLogic you downloaded). 
                If the installer doesn't recognize your JAVA_HOME, follow the instructions <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37001407/why-its-showing-your-jdk-cprogram-files-java-jre7-is-not-a-valid-jdk-while-inst">here</a>.</li>
            <li>NOTE: wls12213 (or something else starting with wls) is your ORACLE_HOME. ORACLE_HOME by default is placed wherever you install WebLogic.</li>
            <li>Travel to <code>ORACLE_HOME\oracle_common\common\bin</code> and run config.cmd.</li>
            <li>During the installation, take note of the default domain location (which will be something like <code>C:\wls12213\user_projects\domains\base_domain</code>),
            the admin name and password, and admin server URL.</li>
        </ol>
        
        <h3>Install NetBeans</h3>
        <p>Once NetBeans is installed, add a new server under <code>Services -> Servers -> Add Server</code>. 
            Choose WebLogic when prompted. Select your ORACLE_HOME directory as the server location.
        </p>
        
        <h3>Install Oracle Database</h3>
        <p>Take note of your Global Database name, username, password, and pluggable database name. 
        Note: if the path name is too long, uncheck the box in the upper right hand corner, as seen 
        in <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12089655/oracle-client-installation-error-path-too-long">this answer</a>.
        Log into <code>https://localhost:5500/em/login</code> as sys (check as sysdba) and whatever password you specified during installation.
        If this doesn't work, open SQL Plus, enter username <code>sys as SYSDBA</code> and the password you specified during installation.
        </p>
        
        <h3>Download Oracle SQL Developer</h3>
        <p>This doesn't need to be installed.</p>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
